{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf430
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16480\viewh11780\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 ######## In-line help\
\
# Change Epoch\
Please select an epoch and click on Save to transfer the subject.\
\
select_study=First select a Study for which to register the Subject.  Enter the Search Criteria, click Search, and select a Study from the Results. Leave the Search Criteria field blank to search for all studies.\
\
registration_search=To search for a specific Study Subject Registration, begin typing into the Search Criteria, select a Subject from the results, and click Search.  Leave the Search Criteria field blank to search for all registrations.\
\
reg_submit=Review the entered information and make any necessary changes.  Complete the registration at the bottom of the page.\
\
reg_check_eligibility=Complete the eligibility criteria by answering the questions below.  For the Subject to be eligible, all answers to Inclusion Criteria must be "yes" and all answers to Exclusion Criteria must be "no".  If the criteria allows "NA" as an answer, then that is also allowable for the subject to be eligible. \
\
reg_stratify=Enter the answer the stratification criteria questions below.  This will be used to identify the stratum group. \
\
####### Hints\
\
studySubject.startDate.hint.text=Date that the registration/enrollment begins.\
\
\
####### Other Messages\
\
# Epoch does not require eligibility\
The selected epoch does not require eligibility to be checked.\
\
# Epoch does not require arm assignment\
The selected epoch does not require an arm to be assigned directly. The arm will be assigned after Randomization. Please save the registration record and then randomize.\
\
# Epoch does not require stratification\
The selected epoch does not require stratification.\
\
# Epoch does not require companions\
The selected study does not have companion studies for registration.\
\
# Enrolling physician No active physician found\
No physician found for this Study\
\
# Confirmation for subject move epoch\
Subject has been successfully moved to another epoch.  Please print... # fill in to be consistent with other confirmation message\
}